{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Calibri;}}
\fs36\b TalentMatch AI \u8212? Roles \u38? Permissions (Product-Friendly)\b0\par
\fs22\par
\b Purpose\b0\par
This document explains who can do what in TalentMatch AI in plain language.\par
It covers platform-level administration (internal team) and customer-level administration (each organization).\par
\par
\b Read this first (context)\b0\par
\bullet  This is a multi-tenant SaaS product: many customer organizations share the same app, but must never see each other\u8217?s data.\par
\bullet  Roles exist to prevent accidental access and to ensure the right people can do the right actions.\par
\bullet  We separate internal administration (platform) from customer administration (organization) on purpose.\par
\par
\b Key Concepts\b0\par
\bullet  Platform = internal admin view across all customers.\par
\bullet  Organization = a customer/tenant (a company using the product).\par
\bullet  Invite-only = the user cannot sign up themselves; they must receive an invite link.\par
\bullet  Public candidate = a candidate not tied to any organization.\par
\par
\b Roles\b0\par
1) Platform Admin (internal)\par
2) Org Admin (Customer \u8220?Org Super Admin\u8221?)\par
3) Account Manager (Customer manager)\par
4) Recruiter (Customer recruiter)\par
5) Candidate (Job seeker)\par
\par
\b Role definitions (plain English)\b0\par
\b 1) Platform Admin (internal)\b0\par
Who they are: your internal operations/support user.\par
Why they exist: to onboard customers (create organizations) and manage the Org Admin for each customer.\par
Important boundary: they can view the platform for support, but are read-only for customer data in the app UI.\par
\par
\b 2) Org Admin (Customer \u8220?Org Super Admin\u8221?)\b0\par
Who they are: the highest-privilege admin user inside a customer organization.\par
Why they exist: to manage that customer\u8217?s team access (managers/recruiters) and oversee their org\u8217?s candidates.\par
Important boundary: they can only see and manage their own organization, never other orgs.\par
\par
\b 3) Account Manager (Customer manager)\b0\par
Who they are: a customer admin user who manages day-to-day operations.\par
Why they exist: to delegate user management (especially recruiters) without requiring Org Admin for everything.\par
Important boundary: they can\u8217?t manage Org Admins and can\u8217?t act outside their org.\par
\par
\b 4) Recruiter (Customer recruiter)\b0\par
Who they are: the user doing recruiting work (jobs, applicants, outreach, etc.).\par
Why they exist: to run hiring workflows, not to manage accounts/roles.\par
Important boundary: they can\u8217?t manage user access; they only operate within their org.\par
\par
\b 5) Candidate (Job seeker)\b0\par
Who they are: the job seeker using the product.\par
Why they exist: they are the end-user of candidate features (profile, resume, applications).\par
Important boundary: they can only see/manage their own information.\par
\par
\b High-level rules\b0\par
\bullet  Only Candidates can self-sign up in the app.\par
\bullet  Org Admin, Account Manager, and Recruiter are invite-only.\par
\bullet  Org Admins can manage only their own organization\u8217?s users and candidates.\par
\bullet  Platform Admin can see everything but should only change Org Admins; other data is read-only from the platform UI.\par
\par
\b Why these rules exist (quick explanation)\b0\par
\bullet  Candidate signup is open because candidates are the \u8220?public\u8221? side of the product.\par
\bullet  Staff roles are invite-only to prevent unauthorized people becoming recruiters/managers/admins.\par
\bullet  Org boundaries protect customer privacy: one customer must never see another customer\u8217?s users or candidates.\par
\bullet  Platform Admin is limited so internal tools can support onboarding without becoming a \u8220?super user editor\u8221? for customer data.\par
\par
\fs28\b One-page Permission Matrix (Role \u215? Resource \u215? CRUD)\b0\fs22\par
Legend: C = Create, R = Read/View, U = Update/Edit, D = Delete/Remove\par
\par
\trowd\trgaph108\trleft0
\cellx1500\cellx2800\cellx4300\cellx5800\cellx7200\cellx8600\cellx10000
\intbl\b Role\b0\cell
\intbl\b Scope\b0\cell
\intbl\b Invite/Create\b0\cell
\intbl\b Revoke/Remove\b0\cell
\intbl\b View Users\b0\cell
\intbl\b Manage Candidates\b0\cell
\intbl\b Notes\b0\cell
\row

\trowd\trgaph108\trleft0
\cellx1500\cellx2800\cellx4300\cellx5800\cellx7200\cellx8600\cellx10000
\intbl Platform Admin\cell
\intbl All orgs\cell
\intbl C (Org Admins only; create org + invite)\cell
\intbl U (revoke Org Admin role)\cell
\intbl R (all, read-only)\cell
\intbl R (all, read-only)\cell
\intbl Platform UI read-only except Org Admin lifecycle\cell
\row

\trowd\trgaph108\trleft0
\cellx1500\cellx2800\cellx4300\cellx5800\cellx7200\cellx8600\cellx10000
\intbl Org Admin\cell
\intbl Own org only\cell
\intbl C (Account Managers, Recruiters)\cell
\intbl D (remove managers/recruiters from org)\cell
\intbl R (all users in org)\cell
\intbl R/U (notes/status + link/unlink to org)\cell
\intbl Cannot see other orgs; no permanent deletes\cell
\row

\trowd\trgaph108\trleft0
\cellx1500\cellx2800\cellx4300\cellx5800\cellx7200\cellx8600\cellx10000
\intbl Account Manager\cell
\intbl Own org only\cell
\intbl C (Recruiters)\cell
\intbl D (remove recruiters from org)\cell
\intbl R (org team roster as needed)\cell
\intbl R (org candidates as allowed)\cell
\intbl No Org Admin management\cell
\row

\trowd\trgaph108\trleft0
\cellx1500\cellx2800\cellx4300\cellx5800\cellx7200\cellx8600\cellx10000
\intbl Recruiter\cell
\intbl Own org only\cell
\intbl (none)\cell
\intbl (none)\cell
\intbl R (hiring-related users as needed)\cell
\intbl R/U (candidate review within org rules)\cell
\intbl No user/role management\cell
\row

\trowd\trgaph108\trleft0
\cellx1500\cellx2800\cellx4300\cellx5800\cellx7200\cellx8600\cellx10000
\intbl Candidate\cell
\intbl Self (public or org-linked)\cell
\intbl C (self sign-up)\cell
\intbl (none)\cell
\intbl R (self only)\cell
\intbl R/U (own profile/resume)\cell
\intbl Public candidates are not visible to tenants by default\cell
\row

\par
\b Candidate: Public vs Org-linked\b0\par
\bullet  Public candidate: not tied to any org; only the candidate (and Platform Admin read-only) can see them.\par
\bullet  Org-linked candidate: tied to one org; Org Admin / Account Managers / Recruiters can see them per org access rules.\par
\par
\b Invite chains (how users are created)\b0\par
\bullet  Platform Admin \u8594? invites Org Admin (creates organization + sends invite link)\par
\bullet  Org Admin \u8594? invites Account Manager (sends invite link)\par
\bullet  Org Admin and/or Account Manager \u8594? invites Recruiter (sends invite link)\par
\bullet  Candidate \u8594? self-signup (email confirmation may be required)\par
}


